Update README.md to clarify usage of citus_package (#67)
citusdata/tools: packaging/README.md

## Usage

> Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` nightly on CentOS 7, Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, run the following within the "citusdata/packaging" repo directory:
> 
> `citus_package -p el/7 -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial citus nightly`

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` community nightly on Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, first change your directory into "citusdata/packaging" repo directory and then checkout the `debian/citus` branch. Then execute the following:

`citus_package -p el/7 -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial citus nightly`
```

> Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` community nightly on Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, first change your directory into "citusdata/packaging" repo directory and then checkout the `debian/citus` branch. Then execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` community nightly on Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, first change your directory into "citusdata/packaging" repo directory and then checkout the `all-citus` or `all-enterprise` branch. Then execute the following:
```

> Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` community nightly on Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, first change your directory into "citusdata/packaging" repo directory and then checkout the `all-citus` or `all-enterprise` branch. Then execute the following:
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure your `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is properly set (see the man page if you're not sure how to do that). Make sure Docker is running, then you're off to the races! For example, to build a `citus` community "release" on Debian Jessie and Ubuntu Xenial, first change your directory into "citusdata/packaging" repo directory and then checkout the `all-citus` (would be `all-enterprise` for enterprise) branch. Then execute the following:

```

> `citus_package -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial citus nightly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`citus_package -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial local release`
```

> `citus_package -p el/7 -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial citus nightly`

Author: ```suggestion
`citus_package -p debian/jessie -p ubuntu/xenial citus nightly`
```
